BUILDING.md, before:

# Building #

The program was written in C, using Microsoft Visual Studio 10. Newer versions of Visual Studio can probably also be used but that's what I had available. The program is linked against the static C runtime libraries so that it's not necessary to install the Visual Studio Runtime on the system where you want to use this.

DCCU is a 32 bit console application which was designed to run under Windows 98 and later. It will not run in Windows 3.1 or earlier (though DCC-Studio was designed for Windows 3.1) though maybe it can be made to run with the Win32s extensions installed. I didn't test this because I don't have a system that runs Windows 3.x and I expect that most users of DCC-Studio run Windows 98 anyway. If necessary, it should be possible to compile the program with Visual C++ 1.5 as a DOS 16-bit application (maybe with a few minor modifications to change the safe C string library function calls to their unsafe equivalents). I haven't tried building with VC++ 1.5 but I may do so in the future.

To build the program, open the SLN file in Visual Studio 2010 or later, and build. There is only one project and one source file, so there's nothing much else to say about it.

There is no installer and I don't have plans to build one, unless I change DCCU to have a Windows user interface one day.

Commit message:

Now supports Visual Studio 6.0
I found out that the DCCu.exe that was compiled with Visual Studio 2010 doesn't work on Dr. DCC's Windows 98 machine. I don't know why. Until I find out, I'll build releases with Visual Studio 6.0.

BUILDING.md, after:

# Building #

DCCU was written in C, using mostly C runtime library functions for things such as file access and console output, to maximize compatibility with compilers and operating systems.

Starting with version 3.2, the .exe file that I release on Github is built in Visual Studio 6 as a Windows Console application, compiled with static libraries (so it's not necessary to install extra C runtime libraries).

## Windows 3.x
Though the DCC-Studio program is a Windows 3.x application, I expect that most people who use DCC-Studio run it on a PC running Windows 98. 

For that reason, DCCU was developed as a 32-bit Console application for Windows 98 and later.

It should be possible to compile the program as MS-DOS console application with a compiler such as Visual C++ 1.5, but I haven't tried this. If there is enough interest in a DOS version of the program, I may do so in the future but this is currently not on the agenda.

## Windows 98 to Windows XP (Using Visual Studio 6.0)
1. Use **File > Open Workspace...**
2. Select the **DCCU.dsw** file and click Open.
3. Use **Build > Select Active Configuration** and select "DCCU - Win32 Release" if necessary. Click OK.
4. Use **Build > Build DCCU.exe**

## Windows Vista to Windows 10 (Using Visual Studio 2010 or later)
1. Use **File > Open > Project/Solution...**
2. Select the **DCCU.sln** file and click Open.
3. Use **Build > Build Solution**

Notes:
* Visual Studio 2010 is what I have on-hand, so that's what I use to develop DCCU. Later versions should also work but I didn't test this.
* Though I successfully tested the DCCU.exe generated by VS2010 on my Windows 98 machine, the same .exe file showed an error "DCCU.exe is not a valid Win32 application" on a different Windows 98 machine. I'm not sure why.
* The DCCU.exe generated by Visual Studio 6 worked fine on both machines but Visual Studio 6 itself gives problems in Windows Vista, especially with the debugger.

## Installer
There is no installer and I have no plans to build one right now. I may write an installer if I decide to add a graphical user interface to DCCU one day.
