# Building #

DCCU was written in C, using mostly C runtime library functions for things such as file access and console output, to maximize compatibility with compilers and operating systems.

Starting with version 3.2, the .exe file that I release on Github is built in Visual Studio 6 as a Windows Console application, compiled with static libraries (so it's not necessary to install extra C runtime libraries).

## Windows 3.x
Though the DCC-Studio program is a Windows 3.x application, I expect that most people who use DCC-Studio run it on a PC running Windows 98. 

For that reason, DCCU was developed as a 32-bit Console application for Windows 98 and later.

It should be possible to compile the program as MS-DOS console application with a compiler such as Visual C++ 1.5, but I haven't tried this. If there is enough interest in a DOS version of the program, I may do so in the future but this is currently not on the agenda.

## Windows 98 to Windows XP (Using Visual Studio 6.0)
1. Use **File > Open Workspace...**
2. Select the **DCCU.dsw** file and click Open.
3. Use **Build > Select Active Configuration** and select "DCCU - Win32 Release" if necessary. Click OK.
4. Use **Build > Build DCCU.exe**

## Windows Vista to Windows 10 (Using Visual Studio 2010 or later)
1. Use **File > Open > Project/Solution...**
2. Select the **DCCU.sln** file and click Open.
3. Use **Build > Build Solution**

Notes:
* Visual Studio 2010 is what I have on-hand, so that's what I use to develop DCCU. Later versions should also work but I didn't test this.
* Though I successfully tested the DCCU.exe generated by VS2010 on my Windows 98 machine, the same .exe file showed an error "DCCU.exe is not a valid Win32 application" on a different Windows 98 machine. I'm not sure why.
* The DCCU.exe generated by Visual Studio 6 worked fine on both machines but Visual Studio 6 itself gives problems in Windows Vista, especially with the debugger.

## Installer
There is no installer and I have no plans to build one right now. I may write an installer if I decide to add a graphical user interface to DCCU one day.
